---
isBasedOnUrl: null
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
title: ''
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
datePublished: '2015-06-21T23:01:31.626Z'
dateModified: '2015-06-21T23:01:31.626Z'
sourcePath: _posts/2015-06-21-7da8b34f-50aa-4f7c-b6e7-89cadc6fb014.md
published: true
_type: null

---
Matt Frantz, MA, LCPC is a licensed
professional counselor at The Family Institute at Northwestern University. He
holds a Master of Arts degree in Counseling Psychology from Northwestern
University.

Mr. Frantz believes that therapy is a
relational experience and seeks to create space for individuals to explore
issues and find healing through creating new reparative experiences both in and
out of the therapy room. His eclectic approach to therapy draws on
psychodynamic and behavioral techniques to assist clients in discovering and
strengthening their sense of self and ability to interact in their world with
greater insight and understanding.

In
addition to receiving two years of rigorous clinical training in both
relational psychodynamic and Dialectical Behavioral therapies at The Family
Institute, Mr. Frantz has spent the last two years working in community mental
health, offering individual therapy services as well as consultation and
supervision to staff and masters level students. He has also developed and led
Dialectical Behavioral skills groups as well as process groups concerning men's
issues, loss and trauma.

Mr.
Frantz treats individual adults, adolescents and couples.